# WaterLevelPrediction

During the First and the Second Word War, the water level at some parts of the river was not measured. Civil engineers need this information in order to perform some analyzes and plan the construction of dams, thus this information needs to be replaced. The data goes abck to 1983, until year 2020. Critical years are usually 1990 - 2000. In order to do that I would do few approaches:

- **First approach**: Linear regression using tensor flow. To predict the water level at one station I used data on water level at the station that was upstream and that had data and data on water level one day later at the next station downstream, and I also used the data which is the month in which I need to predict value. My learning rate here was: 0.000005 and my batch size was 10 and my number of epochs was 30. The mean squared value error that I usually got on the test data was about 0.45. (The code can be found in linearClass.py)
- **Second approach**: Using vanilla neural network with two hidden layers and Adam optimizer for gradient descent. Inputs for specific day were: 1.data from two days before at the station upstream 2. data from one day before at the station upstream 3. data from the exact same day at the station that is upstream 4. data from the exact same day at the exact same day ay the station downstream 5. data from one day after at the station downstream 6. data from two days after at the station that is downstream and 7. which month is it. Using this I got average loss about 0.03 on the testing data which is significantly better than the linear classifier.(The code can be found in main.py)
